CLIENT-SPECIFICATION: add the date of removal of the old asset website (#15862)
tldr-pages/tldr: CLIENT-SPECIFICATION.md

> Although this specification is about the interface that clients must provide, it is also worth noting that pages are written in standard [CommonMark](https://commonmark.org/), with the exceptions:
> - Non-standard `{{`, `}}`, `{{[` and `]}}` placeholder syntax.

Author: How about something like this?
```suggestion
Although this specification is about the interface that clients must provide, it is also worth noting that pages are written in standard [CommonMark](https://commonmark.org/), with the exception of the non-standard `{{`, `}}`, `{{[` and `]}}` placeholder syntax, where:
```

Reviewer: I like it. Approve from me.

  - `{{` and `}}` surrounds values in an example that indicates editable values.

>   - `{{[` and `]}}` indicate shortform and longform variants of options which are separated by a single `|`. Shortform on the left, longform on the right.

Reviewer: These two are subpoints of the original bullet point. To me it makes sense to indent them.

Reviewer: To me it it says that each bracket combination is their own exception. As in there are 4 in total.

Reviewer 2: I think this should be indented. Both bullet points are related to the "Non standard ..... placeholder syntax".

If appropriate, it is RECOMMENDED that clients implement a cache of pages. If implemented, clients MUST download the entire archive either as a whole from **<https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/releases/latest/download/tldr.zip>** or download language-specific archives in the format `https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/releases/latest/download/tldr-pages.{{language-code}}.zip` (e.g. **<https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/releases/latest/download/tldr-pages.en.zip>**). The English archive is also available from **<https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/releases/latest/download/tldr-pages.zip>**.

> [!CAUTION]
> Prior to version 2.2, the client specification stated that clients MUST download archives from <https://tldr.sh/assets>. This method is now deprecated, and **_will be removed_** in December 2025.

> > Clients that still use the old location will therefore stop working next year.

Reviewer 2: This is nice, but it doesn't suggest where implementors should head to take action on this point. Perhaps even just a "`see [section X](#section-x) for more information`" would be sufficient here?

Author: > where implementors should head

It's just above this this notice, in the same section:
> [...] clients MUST download the entire archive either as a whole from [...]

Author: > where implementors should head

It's just above this this notice, in the same section:
> [...] clients MUST download the entire archive either as a whole from [...]
